W-23072304: Update CloudHub 2.0 docs for India Cloud (#442)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

CloudHub 2.0:

> * Supports deployments across all the MuleSoft regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supports deployments across all MuleSoft regions.
```

* Deleting the default egress traffic route (0.0.0.0) can cause Anypoint Monitoring to fail in CloudHub 2.0.
* The endpoint URL format requires the region suffix or not before `cloudhub.io`.

> * A different Ingress controller is used in India Cloud. It maintains feature parity, but has some behavior differences. Read this link:https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=005387259&type=1[knowledge article].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* India Cloud uses a different Ingress controller. It maintains feature parity, but has some behavioral differences. Read this link:https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=005387259&type=1[knowledge article].
```

Reviewer: is there a better word than behavioral/behavior here?
